{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 welcome to the complete DAPP Developer Course from zero to professional and congratulations on your choice to take the ONLY course which can help you develop all the skills you need to master building smart contracts and get hired today in high demend field with insane future potential. you are going to learn way ahead of the game multiple coding languages including solidity, javascript, extremely valuable front end  frameworks such react, truffle, web3, as well as full test suite as professionals would build in the wild.  and we\'92re going to do much more than that and hopefully have some fun too along the way. we cover everything in this course from the ground up with simple IDE smart contract examples and plenty of exercises and learning the fundamentals of solidity to an advanced environment developer set up with our own testnet on the Ethereum blockchain of smart contracts interacting with each other.\
\
We go step by step and line by line in this course from scratch and build our own DAPPLICATION> we\'92re going to build an application that runs a decentralized digital banking system in which user can come on and deposit tokens to our bank and get rewarded with tokens in exchange. this is called yield farming and is very popular in the defi space right now and it\'92s something we are going to full dive into. we are going to stop at every moment possible and examine the code, give you exercises and practice, and challenge you to progress to another level of coding.\
\
By the end of the course, whether you come in with zero experience or you\'92re coming in as a hired vet, you will have completed multiple smart contracts including a will, your own cryptocurrency token, and a fully developed dapplication which interacts with multiple smart contracts that we will also develop from scratch. There is a lot to learn, and there is a lot of power to be gained from this knowledge. i\'92m really excited to share it with you and guide you along this journey ahead. so what are we waiting for? when you\'92re ready to begin, i\'92ll see you in the next video. \
\
}